Mithril update 2024-11-13 (#503)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-11-13-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-11-13-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2445.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2445.0). This distribution offers stable support for Cardano node v.10.1, the Cardano stake distribution client library, CLI and WASM, and the aggregator's Prometheus endpoint. It also includes bug fixes and performance improvements.

The team also continued implementing the new status route in the aggregator. Additionally, they reorganized the user manual section of the documentation website and started working on the new version of the Protocol Insights dashboard.

> Finally, they implemented a new command in the aggregator CLI to generate genesis keypairs and refactored the signer and aggregator's store pruning implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they implemented a new command in the aggregator CLI to generate genesis key pairs and refactored the signer and aggregator's store pruning implementations.
```

> This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2445.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2445.0). This release offers stable support for the Cardano node v10.1, the Cardano stake distribution client library, CLI and WASM, and the Prometheus endpoint of the aggregator. It also includes bug fixes and performance improvements.
> 
> The team also continued implementing the new status route in the aggregator. Additionally, they reorganized the user manual section of the documentation website, and they started to work on the new version of the Protocol Insights dashboard.
> 
> Finally, they implemented a new command in the aggregator CLI to generate genesis keypairs, and they refactored the store pruning implementations of the signer and aggregator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2445.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2445.0). This distribution offers stable support for Cardano node v.10.1, the Cardano stake distribution client library, CLI and WASM, and the aggregator's Prometheus endpoint. It also includes bug fixes and performance improvements.

The team also continued implementing the new status route in the aggregator. Additionally, they reorganized the user manual section of the documentation website and started working on the new version of the Protocol Insights dashboard.

Finally, they implemented a new command in the aggregator CLI to generate genesis keypairs and refactored the signer and aggregator's store pruning implementations.
```
